Announcement
************

The GNUstep Base Library, version 1.12.0, is now available.

What is the GNUstep Base Library?
=================================

The GNUstep Base Library is a library of general-purpose, non-graphical
Objective C objects.  For example, it includes classes for strings,
object collections, byte streams, typed coders, invocations,
notifications, notification dispatchers, moments in time, network ports,
remote object messaging support (distributed objects), and event loops.

   It provides functionality that aims to implement the non-graphical
portion of the OpenStep standard (the Foundation library).

   There is more information available at the GNUstep homepage at
`http://www.gnustep.org'.

Noteworthy changes in version `1.12.0'
======================================

There have been a number of API changes and several methods have been
depreciated in this release. Although current GNUstep programs that use
these methods will still work in this version, there are enough changes
that a new library version was considered useful. See the release notes
for more details

   New NSStream classes where added to the library.

   User defaults were restructured to create the defaults lazily and
can be set to not write to an external file at all, for developers who
wish to use the library as a stand-alone library or in other situations
where using external resources is not desired.

Where can you get it?  How can you compile it?
==============================================

The gnustep-base-1.12.0.tar.gz distribution file has been placed at
<ftp://ftp.gnustep.org/pub/gnustep/core>.

Please log bug reports on the GNUstep project page
<http://savannah.gnu.org/bugs/?group=gnustep> or send bug reports to
<bug-gnustep@gnu.org>.

   Copyright (C) 2005 Free Software Foundation

   Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.

